Append a note that Payment Request `show()` requires a user activation. (#7258)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/payments/how-payment-request-api-works/index.md

above, you can call the `show()` method, which displays the payment app user
interface.

{% Aside 'warning' %}

> Starting from version 99, Chrome requires [a user

Reviewer: Version 99 is incorrect; the deprecation was [extended to M100](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/xCW746n6XJI/m/rpqi3Ws2EAAJ), and we may actually delay it further due to a partner who hasn't been able to adapt their code in time.

We could either rewrite this warning to be less specific about which milestone, or we can hold this PR until we are confident about which milestone we're going to ship in?

Author: I think it's important information that this function requires a user activation in the spec and on Chrome in the future. I've updated the phrase.

Reviewer: LGTM, thanks!

above, you can call the `show()` method, which displays the payment app user
interface.

{% Aside 'warning' %}

> Calling `show()` method requires [a user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To call the `show()` method, you must add a [user
```

activation](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/01/user-activation).

> This means the call must be encapsurated inside an event listener such as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means the call must be inside an event listener, such as
```

> 'click'. Note that Chrome currently bypasses this constraint, but will enforce

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`click`. Note that Chrome currently bypasses this constraint, but plans to enforce
```

it sometime in the future.

> 

Reviewer 3: #7054 Calling
